Update gmt doc (#170)
urbanopt/urbanopt.github.io: workflows/des.md

## Testing and Developer Resources

> It is possible to test the GeoJSON to Modelica Translator (GMT) by simpling installing the Python package and running the command line interface (CLI) with results from and URBANopt SDK set of results. However, to fully leverage the functionality of this package (e.g., running simulations), then you will need to install additional software. For GMT versio 0.3.0 you will need the Modelica Buildings library (MBL) and either Dymola or OpenModelica. We understand that this is a non-ideal solution. Prior to GMT version 0.3.0, you can install the MBL and Docker. Instructions for installing and configuring the MBL and Docker are available on the [DES Installation page](../installation/des_installation.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to test the GeoJSON to Modelica Translator (GMT) by simply installing the Python package and running the command line interface (CLI) with results from an URBANopt SDK set of simulations. However, to fully leverage the functionality of this package (e.g., running simulations), then you will need to install additional software. For GMT version 0.3.0 you will need the Modelica Buildings library (MBL) and either Dymola or OpenModelica. We understand that this is a non-ideal solution. Prior to GMT version 0.3.0, you can install the MBL and Docker. Instructions for installing and configuring the MBL and Docker are available on the [DES Installation page](../installation/des_installation.md).
```
